all right a chef book here and today
we're gonna cook up an American version
of a classic Chinese dish kung pao
chicken super easy to make super
delicious all you need 1 pound of
chicken boneless skinless chicken boom
we're gonna cut it up into some dinky
doo pieces season it up with a little
bit of pepper some salt some soy sauce
then a little bit of cornstarch go ahead
and toss your bird up with these
ingredients get it nice and coated and
then we'll set it aside and get to work
on our kung pao chicken sauce which will
require a little bit more cornstarch and
we'll throw some water in there you
don't whisk it up get a nice liquefy and
then we'll add a little bit more soy
sauce a little bit of vinegar a little
bit of sesame oil and there for some
heat I'm gonna throw in some chili paste
you know use more or less chili paste
depending on how hot you want and then
for sweetness we're gonna put in some
hoisin sauce if you don't have hoisin
just substitute brown sugar you know get
it stirred up set it aside and then in a
large skillet or wok we're gonna throw
in some inexpensive oil and then we're
gonna throw in some expensive oil and
therefore some heat we're gonna throw in
some red pepper flake so you can use
some fresh chili peppers or dried chili
peppers if you like a little bit of
minced garlic some minced ginger and
then we'll stir these ingredients around
for a few moments let them start to
color up and then we'll add our chicken
and we're gonna cook our chicken through
you know and that's why we want our
chicken cut up into small pieces so that
it won't take long you know we're gonna
get it colored and browned on all sides
you know once it's almost done then
we'll start to throw them in our veggies
I'm using some green onion bottoms in
first a little bit of red bell pepper
use red because the color looks nice
with this dish one stalk of celery a
little bit of zucchini and everything is
cut up kind of small you know it's all
part of this dish not taking long to
cook so stir it up and then we're gonna
add in our sauce and this sauce is gonna
heat up quickly because we got it on
medium high heat you know it's gonna
start to bubble and thicken up so just
stir it for a minute or two and boom
that's it you know we can throw in our
peanuts you know as much as you like you
know I got like three-quarters of a cup
here because I like my Chinese food
peanutty but you know as men speed
matters you need to satisfy your peanut
desire right
then we're throwing our green onion tops
and there you have it that's it kung pao
chicken it's finger lickin awesome you
know give it a try let me know what you
think Bon Appetit thanks for watching
and that's it
you